Now with the basic authentication working and of course there are things you can improve.
We had to look at it the way you stored a token and so on.
The thing I want to add to this app is I want to make sure that we only see the managed pattern here
if we are locked in because otherwise we're not allowed to click anything here anyways.
And I also only want to allow access to the new recipe or the added recipe route.
If we are logged into so we will add some route cards for that.
Let's start with the R L and making sure that we only see the items which are interesting to us.
I'll go to the off service and here a one to add a method which allows you to find out whether I'm authenticated
or not.
So what I can do is I can add a new method is authenticated Meffert.
And here I want to return the result of a check.
The check is if the token is not equal to NULL with one equals sign.
So one to find out if the token Well if it is now then that means we are not offending it.
So is authenticated should only return true if the token is not Najla which means it is said it is present.
So if this we can go to the head component and inject hour of service year because it's in the header
where I want to control which links should be displayed.
Now if the officer is injected be an exercise in the HMO code and I will wrap my list items here in
the energy template because I don't want to read them in a day or something like that that would destroy
a lot.
And on this end template I can now find NGF without the start.
So I'm deliberately not using D-Nice or syntax because here I want to wrap multiple elements in one
NGF condition and I want to check of all servers is authentic and it is false.
Which means you are not authentic at it which means I want to display these buttons and on the dropdown
the opposite is the case here.
I only want to display them if you want to display the dropdown is offended it returns through.
Well let's have a look at our application we see register and log in.
And if I do log in this switches to the manager button.
So we are indeed now seeing what we want to see.
So we have a nice application thus far.
The one thing we do have is if we reload we always have to log in again but that's OK for me.
What I want to add though is a log out button which will destroy our token.
So I will do this in the next lecture.